<! Content Under the “AngelHacks” title (the turquoise container) - Description of Makerthon 2023:

	RSC Makerthon 2022 is an event spanning one weekend giving creators the opportunity to design, experiment with, and create innovative ideas guided by a set prompt. 

Prizes Categories: 
	Best Design: The overall best design submitted will receive a winning prize of a colorful LED backlit Gaming Keyboard and Mouse combo pack. 
  
	Creative Design: The most creative design submitted will receive a winning prize of a 480-pcs Electronic Component Fun Kit. This includes a power supply module, jumper wire, precision potentiometer, 830 tie-point Breadboard compatible with STM32/Raspberry Pi/Arduino.
  
	Best use of Tech: The design that utilizes technology in the most clever, unique way will receive a complete Replit Hacker Plan for 3 months. 
  
	Greatest Social Impact: The design that solves a greater problem and has greatest social implications will be rewarded Bose Wireless Headphones. 
  
	Participation Prize: All participants will be awarded a Wolfram Prize. (idk what this means, please double check). 

FAQs: 
	How much does it cost?
Nothing at all! Registration and participation are completely free. Moreover, you’ll be rewarded with unique prizes just for participation and even if you end up potentially winning categories. 

	Is there an age restriction? 
Not an official one, however, we do recommend being at least 12 years old for basic knowledge and familiarity. 

	How much experience do I need? 
We welcome everyone and anyone! Whether you are a beginner and it’s your first competing or are an experienced hackathon/makerthon participant, we invite all skill levels. 

	Do I need a team? 
Not really! It’s great if you do, but don’t worry if you don’t. You will have the chance to meet fellow participants and make teams of up to 4. 

	What can I make? 
Possibly anything! You will be given a specific theme or prompt to get your team started. You can make hardware, a 3d rocket, a wooden laser-cut airplane, a mechanical robot, or even a mini bicycle. We provide participants resources as well 

	Who runs this? Is it supervised? 
Makerthon is independently organized by high school students’ part of the non-profit called Redmond STEM Center. We will have mentors available to help participants and a platform where you can ask them questions too!

	I have more questions…
Feel free to contact us through email: sanjay.nagesh@redmondstemcenter.org if you still have any lingering questions about anything!

			>

	

	
	



